I was 53 years old.
I was known as a troublemaker.
I was fighting in the bars,
come to a point where you began to enjoy it.
He was flat out scary.
He was a very mean and violent man.
So everybody kind of kept their distance from him.
My language was too testable.
I would make good men blush by the things that I could say
and things that I would do.
It was involved with some bikers,
and they were trying to prospect me
into getting into their club.
Things were escalating.
We got married very young,
and we were 17.
And had my oldest daughter?
I was the mom, and he lived a life
of being out with his friends and partying.
About that time, my wife started studying a Bible
which I always witnessed.
It was a big change for her,
but she explained the reason behind it.
I couldn't argue with it.
She talked me into studying.
I studied a fun 28 years old to 30.
I always seen it.
I knew this was what I needed to be.
Somehow, I just couldn't ever break free
of the person that I was.
My mom always raised us in the truth,
growing up, and that's what we knew.
So then to see my dad,
where he was so different.
But yet believed it to be the truth.
And then to see that his lifestyle
didn't do him any good,
was kind of a good example.
Of a bad example, if that makes sense.
I was afraid of the change.
People accepted me for who I was.
Being a tough guy.
Being Jimmy Brown.
The scripture comes to mind.
I planted a polished water.
God kept making it grow.
Many brothers have studied with Jim
from time to time over the years.
I just happened to be the one
at the time in his life
when he was taking the truth
and running with it.
Wanted to be a better person.
Actually, you know,
this was just not a way of life
that I wanted anymore.
He changed his friends.
He changed his life.
He changed his dress and grooming.
He changed his speech patterns.
He changed the way he was a grandfather.
He changed the way he was a father.
He changed the way he was a husband.
Everything changed about him.
I knew of the work that witnesses do.
Going out toward the door.
Talking to people.
I thought I could never do that.
Whoa. Me going toward the door.
I'm going to run into people that I know.
Did I drink with for years and years?
How can I face them now?
I had always told my wife
would be much easier for you to become a witness.
If I didn't live here.
But how wrong I was
because, what a witness.
My changes have been to so many people in town.
I love life now.
I have two friends.
I know that I have hope for the future.
Jehovah has seen something in me.
And he's brought it to light.
I am a good person.
I can be a good human being.
I can hope other people.
I can be loved by him.
Surprise us.